Updated redirects (#26092)
sympy/sympy: doc/src/contributing/new-contributors-guide/dev-setup.md

### Create a GitHub Account

A [GitHub](https://github.com) account is required to contribute to SymPy. If
you have not one yet then sign up at <https://github.com/join>. Your
GitHub account is your presence in the open source world, so we recommend
choosing a professional username.

### Setup SSH Keys

To establish a secure connection between your computer and GitHub see detailed

> instructions in <https://docs.github.com/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git> or at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instructions in <https://docs.github.com/get-started/getting-started-with-git/set-up-git> or at
```
